Studio: add admon about live.end() (#4242)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/live-metrics-and-plots.md

  live.end()
```

<admon type="warn">

> If `live.end()` is omitted, Iterative Studio will continue to wait for new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `live.end()` is not called, Iterative Studio will continue to wait for new
```
